# 2018-wannabe-postdoc-1

This is the repository for problem 1 of the 2018 BDAthlon programming contest.

It my solution for the problem on genetic technology mapping.


## Organization of the Repository

+ docs
	- Documentation generated by documentation generators
		* Doxygen
		* pydoc (for Python scripts): /usr/bin/pydoc
+ notes
	- Software licenses
		* *MIT License*
	- Guidelines for collaborating on open source software and/or hardware
      projects.
    * Documentation about guidelines that I am following for my research,
  		  and for my research collaborators to know about.
  - Externalities list.
    * *Publicly available library, API, or framework* that I have used as
        external components for my software.
		* Some *Python* modules from the repository [bibtex-analytics](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/bibtex-analytics),
			which I developed.


##  Description of the Software Solution for Genetic Technology Mapping

My solution for genetic technology mapping, **problem1_solution.py**, takes in
	two input parameters, **[input JSON netlist]** and **[output JSON technology mapping]**.

The first input parameter **[input JSON netlist]** is a JSON file that contains
	a structural netlist for genetic technology mapping.

The other input parameter **[output JSON technology mapping]** is the filename
	of an output JSON file that contains a genetic technology mapping for the
	input structural netlist (**[input JSON netlist]**).

The front-end of **problem1_solution.py** parses the input arguments, checks
	their validity, and parses the input structural netlist for genetic
	technology mapping.

The genetic technology mapping engine consists of a (set of) solution(s) to
	perform genetic technology mapping.
	A solution is an implementation of a known/new algorithm/heuristic for
		genetic technology mapping.


Performs *brute force search* to explore different options for genetic
	technology mapping.


The back-end of **problem1_solution.py** generates an output file containing
	the genetic technology mapping of the input genetic circuit, in JSON format.








##  Instructions on How to Build and Run the Software Solution

###	Building and Executing the Software Solution

To execute the software solution, try:

	./problem1_solution.py [input JSON netlist] [output JSON technology mapping]

Input Parameters:
[input JSON netlist]:							A JSON file that contains a structural
																		netlist for genetic technology mapping.

[output JSON technology mapping]:	A filename of an output JSON file that
																		contains a genetic technology mapping for
																		the input structural netlist.


###	Documentation Generation

To generate documentation for the incremental, automated regression test
	suite (Python code), try:

	pydoc incremental_test.py

To generate documentation for my software solution (Python code), try:

	pydoc problem1_solution.py







#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2018> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
